Document GHC-56147 (#462)
haskellfoundation/error-message-index: message-index/messages/GHC-56147/index.md

---

> title: Rewrite rules are ignored in SafeHaskell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Rewrite rules are ignored in Safe Haskell
```
I'd use the language feature name rather than the extension name here

> summary: Rewrite rules are not allowed in SafeHaskell and therefore ignored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Rewrite rules are not allowed in Safe Haskell and are therefore ignored
```

severity: warning
introduced: 9.6.1
---

> GHC implements the SafeHaskell extension which allows programmers to restrict modules to a specific subset which is considered safe.

Reviewer: See suggested verbiage in #464

Author: Done in [ca2201e](https://github.com/haskellfoundation/error-message-index/pull/462/commits/ca2201ef125cfaa726436da7f1f7d5ad2fb9bc7d) Thanks.
